128 replace validate@main (#174)
insightsengineering/teal.osprey: NEWS.md

### Breaking changes
* Soft deprecate function `label_aevar()`.

### Enhancements
* Added `teal.reporter` to all modules.

> * Number of `shiny::validate` calls changed to `shinyvalidate` for better UI overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `shiny::validate` calls to `shinyvalidate` for better UI overview.
```
